
Tweet: If you lose half your fingers in a boating accident, you have to double your fingers to get them all back.

Tweet: "Politically, he was a humanitarian who did know right from left and was trapped uncomfortably between the two.

Tweet: Basis step: conclude 30 is the next 40.

Induction step: conclude n+10 is the new n.

Tweet: I had a teacher in high school who claimed: internment camps for anyone vaguely japanese looking were Good, Actually, atheists cannot be good people by definition, and Jews and Muslims are technically Mormon but they don't know it.

There was also bits on existentialist hippies.

Tweet: Just occurred to me exactly how old thighmaster jokes are.

Thighmaster was most heavily advertised around the time Radiohead came out with The Bends.

Tweet: Gentle reminder, disbanding parliamentary bodies like senate or house is the first major hurdle fascists leap on the race to power.

Tweet: Fools

Tweet: Crustaceans gonna crus.. cru... crustaceate?

Tweet: Florida man makes political career on triumph of capitalism over communism, pushes for media companies to publish state-mandated content, news at 11.

Tweet: That's nothing.

At the konferenco after party, the organizers started a bonfire with bags of shredded USD we gave out in every swag bag.

Tweet: The best day to start using @torproject
 is the day you first heard about it.

The next best day is today.

Tweet: I mean... Okay, better than nothing... But why should there be a 72 hour period?

Why isn't there an immediate check on their well being as soon as they are in state custody?


Tweet: Gonna deactivate my account some time in the next couple of days. If you like my music thread, or any of my arbitrary rants, it is time to make yourself a playlist or grab screenies.

Tweet: if this sort of thing first happened to you in the 21st century via limewire, not the 20th via freenode, you are too young to be fully aware of how awful the internet is or was, sorry, i don't make the rules

Tweet: "academic freedom is important to us"

Tweet: Ohhhh so now the newspapers I read have to be considered as part of my threat model.

Lovely development, 21st century, go suck shit.

Tweet: Life pro tip: block every twitter handle that promotes tweets (except possibly charity organizations).

I promise promise promise you will not reminisce fondly about all the Ford and Walking Dead advertisements you missed.

Tweet: Heck of a better approach than making it illegal to pay a ransom (i.e. criminalizing victims) or banning cryptocurrency outright like the ideas some of the reactionaries on twitter keep yammering on about.

Tweet: Life pro tip: if five people are eating at a restaurant with a Nazi, there are at least six Nazis at the table.

Tweet: Hell, everyone on capitol hill should be regularly drug tested and should be paid minimum wage.

Tweet: Cannibalize yourselves, do it

Tweet: topology isn't an important thing

Tweet: Hmm

Tweet: Headdesking-as-a-service

Tweet: The idolatrous right.

Tweet: Quick someone gimme some shit

Tweet: Modern statistics are just applied measure theory and linear algebra.

Tweet: You are all gross.

Tweet: Good for the potato head family.

Tweet: moth trapped in a relay discovered by a zombie grace hopper

Tweet: Are you old enough to remember this?

Tweet: why can't i just sudo everything

Tweet: Easy: don't read during your phd.

Tweet: Weird and cool.

Tweet: That's, indeed, what she said.

Tweet: considering a graph theory tweetstorm on the marriage problem (aka the matching problem) to demonstrate the problem with Glenn Greenwald's crappy appeal to bad statistics

shall i?

Tweet: glenn doubts something, everybody, stop the fucking presses

Tweet: Make advertising unprofitable again

Tweet: Love this idea.

Tweet: Lol I thought money was speech tho

Tweet: Congress seems like a hostile workplace.

Tweet: Covid-21-ZA?

Tweet: lolwut

Tweet: Your eyebrows are showing.

Tweet: Come come, who among us hasn't started a cult and failed so badly that even the walking caricatures of fanatics are willing to testify against us?

Tweet: So uh what's the procedure here, do we make a pull request to the main branch on @MerriamWebster
's github repo, and after the community decides on a loose consensus they can merge?

Tweet: It's the year 2116. The nation debates removing six statues of mitch mcconnell from the senate chambers...

Tweet: LPT

Tweet: Brainrot

Tweet: abandoning democracy in order to maintain power.. what is that called again..

Tweet: Wild to me how much of the "party of personal responsibility" veil has fallen over the past two decades.

Tweet: It says a lot about the gop that the popular impression when clinton was being impeached was that they were the party of morality and today they are filled with MTGs

Tweet: The best scientists and mathematicians I know suffer badly from some form of adhd.

It manifests as hyper focus to the exclusion of things like laundry or food just as often as it manifests as day dreaming.

Should be called attention mismanagement, not attention defecit.

Tweet: nothing says "I love democracy" like giving an appointed position the power to *squints at notes* oh ffs

Tweet: never half-ass two things.

whole ass one thing.

Tweet: No, mylanta is the best medicine, fuck laughter.

Tweet: Uhhhh it's those snow levels in the last of us

Tweet: hmmmmmmm

Tweet: i, as a citizen, cosign this

Tweet: I'm just so tired of having the same discussion with people who should know better.

Just... so tired.

Tweet: *whispers* herd immunity is sensitive to population density

Tweet: This is phrased like they haven't been caught performing some sort of domestic surveillance over and over for my entire adult life.

Do better.

Tweet: Insert "don't you threaten me with a good time" jokes below.

Tweet: honey we all need a break

Tweet: sociopatholigarchalism

Tweet: i'll keep that in mind next time i'm *squints at notes* running a 13 billion dollar hedge fund

Tweet: who else would hire her

Tweet: Only insane if you expect consistent, logical justifications.

Tweet: despite that i was expecting it

i'm still amazed at how spineless the dems are

Tweet: 10-ply toilet paper.

Tweet: Totally rational.

Now someone mine boebert's open source history.

Tweet: who's excited for the gamestop dump

Tweet: It's almost like the people who created a conspiracy theory about their political enemies fucking and eating children might be, I dunno, bad actually.

Tweet: "lies are most palatable when shrouded by truth" she screamed at her teenage daughter after coming home from working at the trump white house

Tweet: can you call it a think tank if the  number of people working for it equals the total hourly number of neurons that fire

Tweet: This is an aggression.

Tweet: have you ever noticed that when you search twitter for zcash most of the top posts come from @JEhrenhofer

Tweet: big big fish in a little pond mood af

Tweet: how do YOU pronounce bananaphone

Tweet: in this, the bound was improved from 2^(0.5*n) to 2^(0.48*n), which makes me chuckle


Tweet: is paying someone to show up to a protest and start trouble incitement to violence or what

Tweet: maslow's hierarchy strikes again

Tweet: Thanks, bro! I think.

Tweet: Every time you call the cops on one of your homeless neighbors or tsk tsk rioters about property damage or cheer on attempted vehicular manslaughter or excuse vigilantes killing protesters, you are acting as another cog in our unrolling authoritarian nightmare.

Tweet: omg louisville police is doing something unethical and oppressive?

since when?!

Tweet: the woman who wrote HWC has more wisdom in her pinky finger than the bootlickers controlling CDC comms

Tweet: Citizen? Journalist? Headed out to #denverprotest
? Photos and videos from phones are critical pieces of evidence, but phones are also easy surveillance surfaces. Make sure your phone is your ally, check out these tips.

Tweet: ICE is a whole 17 years old.

Tweet: silver uses a regression to guess approximately where his pants are in the morning, goes pants-less at least 25% of the time

Tweet: To vote for this ideology is to vote against your own ability to vote.

Tweet: I'm migraining but I can't stop thinking about this paper, so I'm going to rant for a bit before my head explodes. This paper is relevant beyond crypto, especially with respect to something that could be called "process theater."

Tweet: The military misappropriated a full third of all covid relief funding.

A third of it.

Tweet: This is reductionist and totally ignores Archduke Franz Ferdinand.

Tweet: So uh

Lots of octopus talk tonight

Tweet: Forgot a leap day

Tweet: Frying pan or fire?

Tweet: This is a bill to protect law enforcement and not to attack first amendment rights in the same sense that hoarders was a show about rehabilitation and not about making a spectacle of the mentally ill.

Tweet: How many plants would a kitten murder if a kitten could murder some plants?

Answer: countably many.

Tweet: Nothing says public safety like putting a blanket ban on all rule changes while scientific information about an ongoing pandemic is coming in daily.

Tweet: hash your game of go if you want to hash

Tweet: integral domains are neat

Tweet: broke: dystopian future fiction
woke: dystopian historical fiction
bespoke: dystopian contemporary fiction

Tweet: To carry out an election on a stake-based chain is to hand election results to the stakeholders; once they gain plurality, the vote can forever be theirs without taking any further actions.

Tweet: there's a special place for animal lovers, that's all I know

Tweet: IDGAF about tiktok

Tweet: many complaints against wokeness and climate change reduce to the same "not my fault therefore not my responsibility" idea

Tweet: let the hate flow through you

Tweet: Funny story about the pythagoreans, a cult to which Plato belonged: they purportedly murdered a mathematician for proving sqrt(2) is irrational to keep the existence of irrational numbers a secret.

Tweet: Good. GRE and SAT and ACT are garbage that reinforce structural systemic inequality in education.

Tweet: TIL alibaba tried to patent Monero-style RingCT last year.

Tweet: If a company wants to just create A-Coin-Like-Visa-You-Know?-But-With-A-Blockchain-(TM), why is it arrogant to dismiss them as unethical and tasteless?

Maybe I'm missing something.

Tweet: Wish I had followed this advice before my physical health took a huge hit.

Tweet: Interesting.

Tweet: cryptography-themed band names thread

Tweet: Pedersen and the Perfectly Hiding Commitments

Tweet: Duck Tales is firm cosmic horror don't @ me

Tweet: When my wife went off to college, she had never pumped her own gas.

This was an educational experience for both of us.

Tweet: autoimmune disorder

Tweet: As does lead poisoning...

Tweet: RCC surviving pandemics for a thousand years by extracting cash from the populace, business as usual.

Tweet: Is arguing on Twitter about guns just bringing wit to a gun fight?

Tweet: is your neowise is an omen of doom and change or an omen of hope and change

mine is an omen of sourdough

Tweet: what sort of dude gets to this guys' age and still thinks leadership is about avoiding public criticism

Tweet: but rekindled I am pagliacci

Tweet: one tenth of a Bitcoin to whoever brings Marco Rubio's personal secret Twitter account to the attention of the press

Tweet: All I can see in this video is Heath Ledger asking people why they are losing their minds.

Tweet: imagine that

people obsessed with property rights having no respect for property rights

Tweet: It's a Larkin Poe sort of morning.

Tweet: can it be doubted that 3kg brains were once nearly fatal defects in the evolution of the human race

Tweet: If choosing to not buy Goya products is suppression of speech, and suppression of speech should be prevented by the government, then the government must protect our speech by disallowing us from choosing to not buy Goya products.

Simple.

Tweet: They should consider less stressful jobs.

Tweet: This is how you test if your advisor read your dissertation or thesis.

"Page 127, paragraph four, line 3, thank you for citing me here but the citation should come with a brief explanation of the relevance of the citation instead of calling me a flaming bag of catshit."

Tweet: Comets aren't omens, that's... That's... *chuckles nervously, voice cracks, dabs forehead*

Tweet: Local news websites have become such garbage

Tweet: Voting ... privilege?

Tweet: Everyone in 2005: "I can't believe Rob Thomas is back on the radio

Decemberists in 2005: "like what if pentangle sang about Matty Groves having an affair with Lady Donal but like..." *hits bubbler* "it happened inside of a whale..." *cloud of smoke* "no, a chimney sweep!"

Tweet: it's like that one flaming lips song but instead of robots it's about people being wrong on twitter

Tweet: How long does ethereum fast sync take nowadays?

Tweet: hey look the gop is complaining about how the public hearing videos are being unfairly edited instead of complaining about the ethical concerns around their nominee and the nomination process

Tweet: The best statements are true statements.

Tweet: design an algorithm to cure cancer and you get an algorithm that tricks the doctor into thinking the patient was healthy the whole time

Tweet: gather round Starbucks customers, let me tell you the story of the Galois group and the insolvability of the quintic by radicals

Tweet: Enclaves. Enclaves. Funny word.

Tweet: Ugh

Tweet: Booooo

Tweet: looking forward to the upcoming nike ad with kap sprinting in kicks on 🔥

Tweet: Happy labor day, everyone, enjoy your bank holiday and closed markets etc

Tweet: why have weather websites failed to improved since netscape and apps haven't improved since the first iphone?

Tweet: This is cool. You should do this if you are in the area. Yeah, you.

Tweet: 🔥👩‍🚒🚒

Tweet: Seems like 7-round Keccak-MAC has had its security reduced further.

Tweet: More to read.

Tweet: A perfectly hiding permutation

Tweet: This well-summarizes my experience renting in South Carolina.

Tweet: what sort of idiot puts this in writing

Tweet: *whispers* be the mountain

Tweet: We are in such a bizarre news cycle this isn't even close to trending right now...

Tweet: People being rational on Twitter isn't exactly my happy place. But it's a nice change.

Tweet: I hate you, Windows.

Tweet: Man, George Lucas ruins everything.

Tweet: Hierarchical view keyssssss #monero

Tweet: This whole story is fascinating and hilarious.

Tweet: MonBit: Monero without ring signatures coming soon(tm)!

Tweet: This makes me unreasonably happy.

Tweet: Uh like what even is art, you know?

Tweet: I keep thinking the 21st century is weird, but...

Tweet: They won't. Small schools that care about students have no power. Large schools view their grad students neither as workers nor students.

Tweet: Someone told me once NYC Pizza is so good because of some ineffable quality in NYC Water. Yum.

Tweet: So many ways to skin a cat...

Tweet: A little weirded out by the number of people who didn't know that Monero already has confidential transactions.

Tweet: PSA: if your Twitter handle ends in six digits, the cool kids assume you are a bot.

Tweet: @petertoddbtc
 inspired me to peek at other people's laptops on the plane tonight... Too much linear algebra.

Tweet: Criminalize being young and only outlaws will be young?

Tweet: 2017 folks!

Tweet: This! This! Yes!

Tweet: Transferred some BTC, low fees, fast confirmation. Worried I was hacked... @Falkvinge
 and @rogerkver
 told me Bitcoin was totally unusable!

Tweet: Multisignatures are... Really interesting to me. Really, very interesting...

Tweet: Tweets by @kumailn
 make me wish he was in a band so I could convince myself we spiritually know each other very well.

Tweet: Reading about linkable anonymous group sigs by Liu, et al re-developed by @adam3us
, implemented with RingCT in #monero
, fixing proofs...

Tweet: Learning about confidental transactions in ring signatures, listening to @amandapalmer
, strongly hoping for a @lakestreetdive
 collaboration

Tweet: How to prove you used at most 3 colors making a map without revealing the map or the colors? #Cryptocurrency
 leads us on strange paths...

Tweet: Reading about #multisig
 for #monero, listening to @barenakedladies
, wondering how the dog can be comfortable in that position. Coffee. Mm...

Tweet: LPT: Don't bother timing optimizing #buyLowSellHigh
 strategies for #bitcoin or #monero
...just find and burn all your friends' paper wallets.

Tweet: Unpacking, background reading for #monero
 on #multisig, #placestogo #thingstodo, listening to @lakestreetdive <3 @bridgetkmusic

Tweet: @vincentdonofrio
 what was the last album you listened to all the way through?

Tweet: Maybe we shouldn't consider trying him as an adult.

Tweet: Involuntary? If someone does X after someone else with credentials says "do X and people die" that sounds pretty voluntary.

Tweet: Well, I guess I really don't intend on using #uber
 again.

Tweet: #shameful
 #GOPbullshit

Tweet: Learning about hardware wallets, writing an action plan/road map for #MoneroResearchLab
, wondering if #ethereum and #bitcoin
 decoupled...

Tweet: Building a cathedral is like fighting gravity, too.

Tweet: Misunderheard is my new word of the day.

Tweet: Both extremes disincentivize weak economies from participating... Not clear to me the optimal middle ground incentivizes, though...

Tweet: User interfaces aren't designed to encode knowledge for future generations. If emojis replace words on Wikipedia, we can talk regression.

Tweet: Reading. And reading. And more reading. Later? A little bit of coding.

Tweet: @EmmanuelMacron
 unironically opening #undergroundrailroad for climate researchers, #MakeOurPlanetGreatAgain. #Trump induces #brainDrain...

Tweet: @ddale8
 has been killing it lately. Fantastic summary of this mess.

Tweet: I hear the fluffier a pony is, the more firewall-proof they become, dancing, prancing through firewalls... #zen
 #ponydances

Tweet: Kill #misappropriation
, #gerrymandering #statusquo with democratizing tech: #blockchain, #unforgeablePublicRecords

Tweet: Simulating #blockchainForensic
 for #monero, estimating cost for a #nonogram approach, jamming to #TripShakespeare and @DanWilsonMusic

Tweet: "If I had to." Didn't take much convincing. Where is your armipit coverage nowadays?

Tweet: Pony prerogative

Tweet: Testing if #bayesianUpdating
 on #transactionLifetimes can improve #privacy in #xmr #monerocurrency, rocking out to @Charles_Bradley

Tweet: @SenSanders
, @rickhasen, simple: provably fair, cryptographically secure, publically auditable e-voting & campaign financing! #blockchain

Tweet: Rocking out to @RealSeunKuti
, thinking about #ZKPQC for #monerocurrency...

Tweet: Listening to @lettucefunk
, continuing review of #zeroknowledgeproofs,  #postquantumcrypto, and #ringsignatures for #monerocurrency

Tweet: Just your friendly weekend reminder to never accept investment advice from people on Twitter.

Tweet: Funny how the party line filters, @LindseyGrahamSC
 "supports re-entering Paris." How bad can #trump get before Graham admits #trumpgret
?

Tweet: Looking into novel applications of #graphtheory
 to #posets, #blockchains, #monerocurrency, and #blockchainReorgs, jamming to #weezer

Tweet: #HistoryRepeating
, re-reading the #cryptonote whitepaper, amused by the description of #bitcoin #blocksize
 debate from 2013.

Tweet: Reading about pre-#nakamoto
 approaches to e-cash/#cryptocurrency, applications to #monerocurrency, listening to #massiveattack
.

Tweet: Multisigs and privacy and blockchains, oh my!

Tweet: It's almost like socialized medicine is an obvious solution to a common societal problem! Gee golly willickers.

Tweet: @CoinbaseSupport
 Phone app kicked after instant txn this morning with USD wallet, app broken? Btc not arrived, can't log back in with app.😣
